Update query-comment.md (#6532)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/project-configs/query-comment.md

## Using the dictionary syntax
The dictionary syntax includes two keys:

>   * `comment` (optional, see above for default): The string to be injected into a query as a comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `comment` (optional, for more information, refer to the [default](#default) section): The string to be injected into a query as a comment.
```

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

This is a non-blocker, but I thought it might be good to link out "default" in case some users weren't paying attention to the Default section or scrolled all to the top of the page.

Kind Regards
Natalie

| var              | See [var](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/var) |
| target           | See [target](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/target) |
| connection_name  | A string representing the internal name for the connection. This string is generated by dbt. |
| node             | A dictionary representation of the parsed node object. Use `node.unique_id`, `node.database`, `node.schema`, and so on. |

> Note: The `var()` function in `query-comment` macros only accesses variables passed through the `--vars` argument in the CLI. Variables defined in the vars block of your `dbt_project.yml` are not accessible when generating query comments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The `var()` function in `query-comment` macros only access variables passed through the `--vars` argument in the CLI. Variables defined in the vars block of your `dbt_project.yml` are not accessible when generating query comments. 
```
